doc reference: description of compress filter translate (#1629)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/reference/commands/column_create.rst

       .. include:: compress_filter.rst

>        Here are a list of which kind of data is suitable for this filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Here are a list of suitable data type for this filter.
```

>        このフラグはNバイト目の要素に着目してデータを並び替えます。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       このフラグはNバイト目の要素に着目してデータを並び替えます。
       This flag reorganize data based on a element of Nth byte.
```

>        まず、ベクターカラム内の各要素の0バイト目だけのデータを集めて連続で配置します。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       まず、ベクターカラム内の各要素の0バイト目だけのデータを集めて連続で配置します。
       First, 0th byte data of each element within the vector column would be gathered and be continuously placed.
```
